Update doc test README (#7080)
istio/istio.io: tests/README.md

# Testing istio.io Content

This folder contains tests for the content on [istio.io](http://istio.io).

> More specifically, these test confirm that example and task documents, which contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, these tests confirm that the example and task documents, which contain
```

   If a bash code block contains both commands and output, the `snips.sh` script will include
   both a bash function and variable containing the expected output. The name of the variable
   will be the same as the function, only with `_out` appended.

1. Pick an appropriate location under the `tests/` directory and create a directory for your new
   test.

1. Add the following imports to your GoLang file:

    ```golang
    "istio.io/istio/pkg/test/framework"
    "istio.io/istio/pkg/test/framework/components/environment"
    "istio.io/istio/pkg/test/framework/components/istio"

    "istio.io/istio.io/pkg/test/istioio"
    ```

1. Create a function called `TestMain`, following the example below. This
   function sets up the Istio environment that the test uses. The `Setup`
   function accepts an optional function to customize the Istio environment
   deployed.

    ```golang
    func TestMain(m *testing.M) {
    framework.NewSuite("my-istioio-test", m).
        SetupOnEnv(environment.Kube, istio.Setup(&ist, nil)).
        RequireEnvironment(environment.Kube).
        Run()
    }
    ```

> 1. To create a test, you use `istioio.Builder` to build a series of steps that will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create a test, you use `istioio.NewBuilder` to build a series of steps that will
```
